Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Deep breath.
There we go. Deep breath.
There we go. there we go.
Okay...
okay.
Good. very good.
One last piece. one last piece.
Okay. great.
Dr. Miller.
we're going to need your help.
We've got
a dozen wounded. Captain.
Apply pressure right here.
You're doing well.
You're okay. hang in there.
Help me turn him over. please.
Help me turn him over.
Nice and easy.
Oh. my God.
Jeff.
Oh. my God. honey.
Oh. what happened?
Michelle...
...they put a bomb on me.
Oh. my God.
Everybody. clear out!
There's a bomb!
Go. go. go!Clear out. clear out!
Michelle. you need to get out.
I can fix this. I can fix this.
Blue to ignite. red--
Honey. please. go.
Somebody's got to be there
for Bobby.
No. no. I am not leaving you.
I love you.
No! No! No!
It's okay. You got it.
It's arterial!
Gotta bypass the tourniquet!
We need a clamp!
Please...
Shit. dropped it.
Hang in there. Hang in there.
It hurts!
Fuck! Fuck!I know.
Almost there. almost there.
Push 50 milligrams
of Midazolam right now.
Quickly!
BP is dropping. doctor.
I don't wanna die.
You're not going anywhere.
Lower his head.
You're not going anywhere. okay?
Hang in. hang in.
You're okay.
Hang in there.
Okay. okay.
He's stabilizing.
There you go. There you go.
Thank you.
Hey. Frank.
How you doing. man?
Hey. doc. you're in early.
Yeah. giving my favorite doctor
the night off.
Hey.
Just beating myself up
over here.
I've been told
you saved his life.
I dropped the clamp.
like. what...
Hey. it takes guts
to bypass a tourniquet.
I don't know of any other doctor
that would have done that.
Afghan Combat Training 101.
"Think outside the box
because ISIS
thinks outside everything."
Mm-hmm.
But you have always had
ice in your veins.
I suppose that's what cools
that big heart of yours.
That patient
was lucky to have you.
You're going to be fine.
You were the best doc I had
over there...
and you are the best here.
I appreciate you
bringing me on here.
One day at a time.
One foot in front of the other.
Nothing more than that.
All right.
Jeff! Oh. my God.
Clear out! There's a bomb!
Clear out!
Michelle. you need to leave.
Now!
Honey. please. go.
Somebody's gotta
be here for Bobby.
I am not leaving.
I am not leaving you. No! No!
Surprise!
Bobby. hey!
You ready?Yeah. just about.
Did Granny come in with you?
Just dropped me off.
Big day at the bingo hall.
Oh. really?
Working her magic. huh?
I have something for you.
Take a seat.
Eyes closed.Why?
Just 'cause.
No peeking.
I'm not peeking.No peeking.
Hands out.
What could it be?
A soccer ball?Ah. man!
How could you tell?
I don't know. how could I?
Yes!
But it's not my birthday
until tomorrow.
I know. but...
I figured we'd go downtown.
grab some dinner.
and by the time we get home.
it might as well be.
Why?
Are we going somewhere
after dinner?
Look inside the scarf.
No way!
Tickets for tonight?
Mm-hmm.
I love you. Thanks!
All right. I'm gonna fill out
a quick report.
I need you to hang
in the waiting area.
I'll walk you out
and get you settled.
Mom. I'm basically an adult.
I think I know
where the waiting room is.
You're right. you are.
All right.
I'll be right there.
Special Agent McBride.
this is Agent Ellis.
You are Ryan Ethan Quinn.
Born 1991. Limerick. Ireland.
Immigrated
to these United States
with charming brother.
Sean James Quinn.
and the big Shillelagh himself.
Patrick "Big Boy" Quinn.
patriarch of
this whole sordid mess
that is the
Quinn Gang Brotherhood.
Quinn family.
suspected of
seven counts of homicide.
twelve counts of armed robbery.
a list of jury tampering.
trafficking. extortion charges.
tax evasion.
Guess you're the unlucky one
to get caught.
Caught?
Or targeted
as a way to get to my father?
Ryan. we know
you love your father.
you've made that
abundantly clear.
but this family's going down.
whether you like it or not.
Now. if you help us
provide evidence
against his business.
we could cut
a sweet deal for you
and for your brother. Sean.
and for your father.
Now. you've tried
this sort of thing before.
this bargain.
but it didn't work then.
it's not working now.
My father runs
a clean operation.
Now. I suggest
you give me that phone call
so I can call
my fancy lawyer friends.
You don't fool me. Quinn.
Rumor has it
that "Big Daddy Paddy"
has picked you and you alone
to run the enterprise.
bypassing
your big brother. Sean.
Not to mention the fact
that we've leaked
how cooperative
you're being with us.
That's bollocks.
You think Sean
will believe that?
You're fucking daft.
I guess we'll see.
Let's take him
to the Terminal building.
Watch your step.
Johnno. What's the craic?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Fucking shit.
All right.
Sean. It's Johnno.
Johnno. what's the story?
Sean. the Feds grabbed Ryan.
They're moving him now.
Fuck.
Maybe this is
our opportunity.
Watch your head.
Are you tooled up?
Yeah.
You stay with him.
you keep your eye on him. yeah?
All right. good luck.
What's going on?
The FBI have Ryan.
Christ.
Do you wanna call your dad?
No. I don't want
to call my fucking dad.
Hey. lads. we have to go.
Come on. Danny.
Come on. move it.
for fuck's sake.
It's not your first time
in cuffs. Quinn. relax.
Fuck you.
I'm just behind them.
We're coming up
right behind you.
Get ready to move in.
cut them off.
What's he doing?
Now.
Veer left. veer left!
Watch the fence.
watch the fence!
This is for you.
you fucking asshole.
Cut them off.
Jesus. got to be quick.
Jesus...
It's a fucking ambush!
We got bulletproof glass.
it's okay. it's okay.
Stay down!
Down! Down!
Danny. cover!
Fuck you. cunt.
This is the FBI!
Drop your weapon!
Fuck off!Drop your weapon!
Get down!
Sean...
I got them.
Shit!
Fucking move. Johnno. Danny.
come on. let's go!
Where's my phone? Wow.
Get me directions
to the nearest hospital.
Calculating. Mercy Hospital.
Please proceed to the route.
Is that the birthday boy
I see?
Not yet. Think fast!
Ho!
Rumor has it.
you made the under-12 team.
I've been practicing.
Hey. you two.
Well. the hardest worker I know
finally taking a night off.
And for a soccer game.
It's "football".
A purist. I see.
Thanks again for tonight.
I owe you one.
Not at all.
Happy to cover.
You all ready? Okay.
Gotta sign out
and we're good to go.
Okay.All right.
Come on. let's-- whoa!
Got ya!
Help. Medics!
FBI. We just got ambushed.
My partner is shot
and so is our witness.
Careful. Easy.Got him.
Got him.
Here. let me get
the cuffs off him. Here you go.
Go. go. go. go. go.
IV is Ready!
Get them inside.
Coming through.
coming through!
Holy shit.
Bobby. come here. please.
What now?
You guys. go. I've got this.
Call Nurse Riley. please.
What happened?
I don't know. buddy.
Maybe you should go help.
We're still early.
We made birthday plans.
What if they need you?
Kindest heart I know.
you know that?
Just like your dad.
Can I go play in the tunnels?
No. You just stay right here.
I won't be long. Copy?
Copy.Okay.
Luck of the Irish.
No luck in it
at all. gentlemen.
It's just a magnificent talent
that the Lord blessed me with.
Three in a row. Paddy.
Gettin' dangerous.
That was a hell of a shot.
wasn't it. huh?
Now. that.
I can have a little of that. eh?
Water of life.
Yeah. the water of life.
Mm. Jonesy.
Jonesy. I know what you want.
Here. look.
Here. there. look at this.
Here. here. here.
Jonesy. oh. you're
an alcoholic doggy. Jonesy?
You're an alcoholic.
but I love ya.
Sean.
Dad.
Dad?
You only call me "Dad"
when you're in trouble. son.
You're not in trouble. are ya?
We have a problem.
Oh?
The FBI
took Ryan into custody.
They have all his files.
everything on the business.
Christ.
We tried to get him out.
Things got messy.
Dad...
Ryan got shot.
What are you
fooling saying to me?
Sean?
Tell me Ryan is alive.
He is.
He better be.
Where'd they take him?
They've taken him to The Mercy.
Don't make another move
until I get there.
How many bullets?
One in the neck.
Ruptured an artery
from what I can see.
Second patient
has one in the left hip
and one in the stomach.
Wound is fairly large.
Okay. they're both
bleeding out.
What are you doing here?
You got a game to catch.
You're understaffed.
And I took orders from Bobby.
Runs in the family. I see.
All right. everyone.
let's prep OR 1.
Let's get busy.
He's stable.
Okay. good.
I think I got
the last bullet.
What's his pressure?
One thirty over 80.
Come on. come on. come on.
Easy does it.
There you go.What is that?
It might be
an exploding bullet.
Be careful.
Okay.
Is everyone okay?
I'm okay.
Yes. Sir. ambushed.
It was the Quinn Gang.
They had to have known
we were coming.
It was a complete shit show.
Yeah. 1100. Sir.
Approximately.
Under the Southbound overpass.
I'm...I'm pretty sure our driver
took a fatal hit.
Yep. okay. will do. All right.
Excuse me. Yeah.
I'm Special Agent Ellis. FBI.
Are you with the ER team?
I'm Dr. Miller. yes.
Hi. I'm the one that brought in
a couple of gunshot victims.
Agent McBride.
he's the one with the gray hair.
How's he doing?
He's stable now.
Took a shot
to the anterior jugular.
Wow. I mean. he's going
to be all right. though. right?
Yes.Okay. good.
Oh. and what about
our asset. Ryan Quinn?
Asset. huh?
Hit pretty bad.
Including an exploding bullet
wedged in his lower rib-cage.
Exploded in our ER.
Exploded?
Jesus.
You wanna tell me
what we're dealing with?
I'm sorry. doc. it's not--
It's not something
I can talk about.
It's a small hospital.
Agent Ellis.
we're not really equipped
to deal with illegal ammunition.
Look. I'm sorry. doc.
It's-- it's above my clearance
level to-- you know. to--
You're a by-the-book
kinda guy. huh?
I know the type.
A type?
What's that supposed to mean?
I know a rookie when I see one.
Word of advice.
Keep your head up.
Clearance levels
don't stop bullets.
Oh. fuck.
What are you gonna tell him?
Not gonna say anything.
Ryan was shot in the cross fire.
It was an accident.
All right. Mick.
You should have
come to me. son.
You should have come to me
as soon as Ryan was taken.
and you didn't. did ya?
I know. it's my fault.
You know how many times
I've had to clean up your mess?
My dog's shites
are less numerous.
Put that weapon away!
What do you think this is.
Chicago 1920s?
You're making
a spectacle of yourself.
I never liked hospitals.
Too many people die in them.
Let's go.
You stay here.
What are you gonna do?
I'm going to see your brother.
The rest of ya. do nothing.
Do nothing
until I assess the situation.
Your father means well.
Yeah. I'm sure he does. yeah.
Hey. you. Billy the Kid.
Do you want a box
in the fucking mouth?
Give me a fucking break.
I'll give you a fucking break.
I'll break your fucking legs.
Excuse me. sweetheart.
I'm looking
for Ryan Quinn's room.
Ryan Quinn.
Oh. I'm sorry. Sir.
That's been flagged
as a private ward.
No visitors.
No visitors?
Well. I'm not a visitor.
I'm his fucking father.
Okay. I'm sorry. Mr. Quinn.
There's a waiting room
around the corner
and you're welcome to sit there.
Oh. there's a waiting room.
Yeah. I'm sure one
of the Trauma Doctors
will be out soon.
Thank you.
around the corner.
Cunt.
Hey.
Think fast. son.
Whoa-ho!
Another five years.
I'll have to pay good money
just to watch ya.
Thanks.
Should I take
a quiet look around now?
No. stay.
Stay close-- for now.
You don't think
he's alive. do ya?
No way he survived.
We shot right at him.
Fucking explosives
didn't work anyway.
You know. I think Ryan
was put on this Earth
just to fucking torment me.
See you tomorrow. Dr. Miller.
Okay.
Excuse me.
Have you seen a little boy
around about 11 years old?
He's got a soccer ball with him?
I think you might find him
dribbling his ball
down at the end of this hallway.
Thank you.
You're a doctor. huh?
I'm actually off-duty. Sir.
Well. perhaps you can help me.
I can't seem to get any answers.
I'm looking for my son.
Ryan Quinn.
Your son?
You're a very lucky man.
Mr. Quinn.
We pulled two bullets
out of your boy.
Two bullets?
Is he...
He's heavily sedated
at the moment.
but there doesn't seem to be
any permanent damage
from what we can tell.
That's wonderful news.
You're an angel from God.
Can you take me to him?
You'll have to clear that
with the authorities. Sir.
Authorities?
What happened?
I'll make sure Dr. Terrence
comes to speak with you.
Appreciate it.
There you are.
I thought I asked you to stay
in the waiting area?
Sorry. I got bored.
Are you ready for the
biggest hotdog money can buy?
And ice-cream?
Anything for my birthday boy.
Let's go.
That's some pretty nice kicks
you got.
Thanks.Yeah.
Wait. We got company.
Afternoon. fellas.
Hi. How's it going?Good. good.
Y'all waiting for somebody?
Yeah. shouldn't be too long.
All right.
You still gotta pay
for a parking pass. though.
You a traffic cop?
Hey. Johnny. cop on.
Sorry. never mind him.
He's just--
he's a bit nervous.
His girlfriend's having
their first baby.
you know how it is.
Right.
Well. you still
gotta pay for parking.
Not a bother.
Take care. Bye.
I don't like him
checking us out like that.
Neither do I.
Come on. let's make a move.
We have some real sleazy types
out in the lot.
I'm gonna call their plate in
to my guy.
Always playing detective.
huh. Frank?
Well. you know
my hunches. right?
Hey. you.
Put the phone down.
get up against the wall.
Johnno.Drop it. fucker.
Okay.
I said. drop it!Okay. okay.
Don't fucking push it.
Oh. my God.
Christ.
Come on.
What the fuck
are you morons doing?
She was about to push
the panic button. Paddy.
What part of do nothing
didn't you understand?
All right.
move all these people
to the waiting area.
Lock it down.
You. guard the entrance.
No one in or out.
You. make sure
the back is secure.
Get that dead woman
out of there
and clean up that blood.
You. come with me.
Come on! Round them up.
Paddy. please...
Fucking idiot.
You heard him.
fucking move!
Boy. what the fuck
you looking at?
Where are we going?
Somewhere safe.
Come on.
Come in here.
All right.
I need you to wait in here.
Mom. no.
Come on. Bobby. I need you
to be brave now. okay?
This is the safest spot.
In there?
Come on. honey.
you've been brave before.
Do you remember
when we were camping
and I was scared of that snake?
You wound up
the biggest. hardest kick.
you didn't even bat an eye
before kicking it away.
Do you remember that?
Mom. I heard a gunshot.
I know what they sound like.
Listen. your mom's been
doing this a long time.
I am not going to let
anything happen to you.
Stay in here. stay quiet.
and we'll get
out of this together.
Dad'll watch over you.
That's my man.
Stay quiet.
I won't be long. okay?
Love you.
I love you. too.
Please. please.
it was an accident.
I didn't mean to.
Please. please.Shut the fuck up.
Paddy. please...
Liam. Grab him.
I don't know what ears are for
if you don't use them.
You want to play with your gun?
Here's the consequence.
Ah. fuck!
Next time
use the other ear to listen.
Or I'll cut that one off. too!
You hear me now?
Good man. Paddy.
Here. sit.
Sit. Here. have a seat.
Sit down.
Over here.
Clean him up.
You. clean him up.
Quickly.
Good afternoon. folks.
Don't mind him.
Now. I'm going to speak
very slowly and clearly
for everyone.
because people say sometimes
that it might be hard
to understand me
with my Irish accent.
So. listen up carefully.
so there's
no misunderstandings...
and no one gets hurt. see?
Now. can anyone
please tell me
where my son. Ryan Quinn.
is being kept?
You tell me.
we will get him.
and be on our merry way.
Simple as that.
Anyone?
I can.
I worked on him.
I know where he is.
Stand up.
Thank you. thank you. kind Sir.
You must be a father. huh?
Speak up.
I have a daughter.
Beautiful.
How old?
Almost 14.
Oh. a teenager.
Wonderful.
So you understand
why I need to find my son.
Yes.
I just don't want anyone
unnecessarily hurt.
I don't want
to see anyone hurt.
Take me to him.
Sean.Yeah.
No one move. no one talk.
Danny.
Christ. you okay?
Jesus.
Where is he?
He was here.
I don't see him.
I assure you. he was here.
with an FBI agent.
What agent?
Ellis. Agent Ellis.
They all came in together.
He's telling the truth.
How the fuck do you know?
Because I know.
Do ya?
What ya doing?
That's the little prick
that nicked Ryan.
What the hell. Sean?
What did you do?
He's responsible
for my little brother
being in here.
You're both responsible.
Will you please
stop killing people?
Fuck him.
He was dead anyway.
Fuck.
You tried.
Let's go.
Liam. the Feds moved Ryan.
Send the boys out to find him.
You got it. Paddy.
Search every floor.
every fucking room.
Come on.
let's find Ryan.
Come on. then!
Watch the bag. lad.
Good man.
What the fuck? Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ. they killed him.
For Christ's sake.
You could've
gotten yourself shot.
You see anything?
No.
Still can't believe
Paddy did that.
Oi. keep your mouth shut.
Danny's a fucking idiot.
Takes too much after Sean.
Easy.
That's my fucking cousin.
We're all family at this point.
You want to do well by Danny?
By yourself?
You fucking
better listen to Paddy.
Understood?
Jesus. Frank.
They shot Shannon.
Oh. my God.
I gotta show you something.
Huh?
Those are the hostages.
Huh.
Agent Ellis.
Where is that?
Third-floor storage area.
Been abandoned for decades.
Cut the feed to the monitors.
The monitors? Why?
I don't need them
knowing where I am.
Okay.
Holy shit. Some doctor.
Skills from a past life.
What. as Wonder Woman?
Tie him up.
And cut those wires.
Yeah. I'm on it.
Wait. wait.
Don't shoot!
A Clown. Get up.
Come with me. Come with me.
Move. Come on now.
Move. Move.
Clown--
You used to love clowns.
Still do.
That's why I have
five of them working for me.
Everybody's cool and calm.
Good job.
Hello. big ears.
Now. listen up.
It's been a long time
since I've taken a life.
I prefer to leave it to God
these days.
but I am getting
fucking desperate.
I need to find my son.
I need someone to come with me
who knows the ins and outs
of the architecture
of this building.
Nobody?
What the?
Jesus fucking wept.
Let's go! Move. move!
This is Agent Duncan Jones
of the FBI.
I would like to speak
to whomever is in charge here.
You. female nurse.
stand up. come with me.
Now.
Sean?
I'm going to talk
to the cops. Paddy.
Unless you want
to show your face.
The fuck?
Ellis?
Ellis. it's Dr. Miller.
Agent Ellis?
Psst. In here.
Ellis.Yeah. in here.
What are you doing?
I had to move him.
they were going to kill him.
They killed McBride.
Yeah.I'm sorry.
They just unplugged
his life support.
just ripped it right off of him.
I was fine with my desk job.
You know.
they said you want action. huh?
You want to make a difference.
go into the field
with an easy first assignment.
Easy. my ass!
Ellis...My partner's dead!
I should have been there.
I should have done something.
Agent Ellis. I need you
to get it together.
I'm sorry about your partner.
but right now.
they are searching for Ryan.
and they are not going to stop
until they find him.
What--
what happened?
The meds are wearing off.
I'm gonna find him something.
Just... stay here.
Fucking move.
Now. I'm going to tell you
one last time.
you're going to do
exactly as I tell you to do.
or I'm going to put a bullet
in your fucking head.
Open it.
Hey. you! Can you hear me?
I want you to listen
very carefully!
If any of you make a move
towards this building.
I will ice pick the spines
of every fucking hostage
in here!
Do you understand me?
I understand.
Nobody has to die. okay?
So let's work together here.
You just tell me
what you want...
and we'll do our best to comply.
I want your men
to back the fuck up!
Me and my family want
to leave here in one piece!
How we leave everyone else
is entirely up to you!
We'll be in touch.
Sir. that's Sean Quinn.
Patrick Quinn's eldest son.
I know who the fuck that is.
Goddammit.
You think you're really
fucking smart. don't you?
Don't move.
Drop it. Now!
You come to shoot?
Shoot. Don't talk.
Thanks for the advice.
You okay?
Yeah. it's just a graze.
That was my da's man.
What the fuck did you just do?
Johnno. what is it?
I'll check it out. Boss.
Good man.
We gotta move.
I think I'm bleeding.
"Cut the wires." she says.
"It'll be easy." she says.
I don't know
which wires to cut.
Yipee-ky-yay.
Ah. shit.
Danny. see what that is.
Paddy. I...
I don't feel so good.
It's an ear.
You got the rest of your body.
Move it.
Go. go. go!
Hey. asshole!
That's no way
to start a negotiation!
We're just
following protocol. Sean.
Now. help us out here.
Why don't you
just let the lady go?
Fuck you
and fuck your protocol!
I have enough C4 in here
to blow this whole
fucking place to hell!
Do not think I will not use it!
I won't hesitate.
not for a fucking second.
I hear you.
Now. listen to me.
No one has to die. okay?
Fuck!
Gimme an update.
Just doin' the rounds. Sean.
Still haven't seen anyone.
You all right. Danny?
All right?
Your dad just cut
my fucking ear off.
Are you listening now?
That's what happens
to little boys who don't do
what they're fucking told.
Children. huh?
We meet again.
I know this looks bad.
but I was just. you know...
I'll shut up.
You're gonna come with me.
I'm going to come with you.
What do we have here?
The Quinns have men
at all the exits.
Ambulance Bay. as well.
All guarded.
Fuck me.
Take a deep breath.
It's going to sting.
Breathe in.
Good.
There you go.
Ah. fuck.
So. uh. where'd you learn
to shoot like that?
Served two tours
in Afghanistan.
Saw more
than anyone should.
Afghanistan. huh?
Well. thank you
for your service.
It'll freeze up
in a few minutes.
You're lucky to be alive.
Yeah. tell that
to my brother.
He's the one who shot me.
Your brother?
Yeah. welcome
to the Quinn family.
What. you've been an FBI agent
for two weeks now
and you know all about
me and my family?
My dad wants me to take over
the family business.
Sean's fucking livid.
So he shot you?
My brother's
a fucking loonie.
I was never gonna
take over without him.
Sean's smart. I need him.
Yeah. Well. it's too bad.
because he's going to spend
the rest of his fucking life
in prison
for murdering Federal Agents.
along with your old man.
who's been aiding and abetting
his every move.
My old man
has nothing to do with it.
This is Sean's mess.
and if he was here--
If he was here?
What the fuck
do you think this is?
He's here looking for you.
along with his gang
of fucking henchmen.
Then you need
to let me talk to him.
The only way out of this
is to get me to my dad.
You don't think
he'll come looking for Mick?
The man she just killed?
It was self-defense.
I had to shoot him.
he was coming at me.
I know.
I saw that.
But Sean's only gonna
use this against us.
Oh. my God.
You know what?
Listen to me carefully here.
There's no way in hell
I'm letting you near them.
You understand that?
There's no fucking way.
Then they will torture and kill
everyone in this hospital
without remorse
until they find me.
On that I give you my word.
All right.
what am I looking at?
Closed-circuit video feed
from inside the hospital.
That's Agent Ellis.
And that's Ryan Quinn. Sir.
Wait. Who is she?
Move. Move.
Sean?Johnno.
Remember this prick?
Someone also took out
one of Paddy's guys--
and I can't get ahold of Mick.
Well. I didn't do anything.
I swear.
Stand over by the wall.
Are you a Fed?
I'm gonna ask you...
once.
Where's my brother?
I don't know. okay.
I promise.
I also found these.
Maps of the hospital.
Keep this to yourself.
All right. Boss.
What the fuck's the plan?
Take the back stairs
down to the boiler room.
If his brother's
coming after him.
it's the safest place to be.
Hang onto this.
What are you gonna do?
What I swore I wouldn't.
What you got for me. Tim?
Captain Michelle Miller.
E.O.D.S.
before becoming a Field Surgeon.
Purple Heart.
Three-time Gold Star.
First tour in Afghanistan.
she led a team
in Operation Nasrat.
winning a Silver Star.
Her second tour.
she trained the Afghan Forces
in hand-to-hand combat.
before providing countermeasures
at the Bagram Air Base attack.
She was there during
an insurgent attack in Kandahar.
where her husband...
late husband...
Jeffrey Miller.
an explosive ordnance
disposal specialist.
was killed
on his third tour of duty.
She survived the attack.
herself.
Jesus.
Yeah. That's her.
Looks like we've got
some help on the inside.
Ma'am.
we've got activity on the roof.
Let's do everything we can
to help that soldier.
Yes. Sir.
Move.
Sit him down there. Johnno.
On the fucking ground.
You know how it is.
Don't fuckin' look at me...
Any sign of him. Da?
What the...
Fuck.
Sean.
Danny. what's the story?
Mick's been shot.
He's dead.
There's another Fed
in this building.
We have to find him
and we have to kill him.
All right?
You. go help Danny.
Hurry.
Shut the fucking alarm off.
You heard him.
What the fuck?
What the fuck are you gonna do?
We don't have a choice.
let's go.
Jesus! Fuck!
Ah!
Funny place
for a lad to be hiding.
Who's this?
Time to say hello
to Uncle Paddy.
Shit.
Oh. dammit. Dammit.
Fuck.
Hey. Paddy.
Look what I found!
Oh. the footballer.
Your mother
was looking for you.
Did she find you?
Let him go.
Danny.
Did you find her. son?
No. sir.
I also found these. Paddy.
You might want to take
a look for yourself.
Oh. you done good. Danny.
You done good. huh?
This is a fine picture.
Look at this picture.
Is that the family picture. huh?
Yes. Sir.
That's your family picture.
And your father...
your dad's in the military. huh?
He was.
What's he doing now?
Paging Dr. Miller.
Dr. Michelle Miller.
I assume you can hear me.
Dr. Miller.
or should I say Captain Miller?
Captain Miller.
Small world. isn't it?
Seems like not too long ago.
we met in the waiting area.
just two parents
looking for their kids.
I understand that you...
you've had a couple
of impressive careers now.
It's a shame
about your husband.
Lieutenant Jeffrey Miller.
Bobby tells me
that he was quite the soldier.
Quite the soldier.
Now. our family isn't one
for idle threats.
but I can assure you.
Captain Miller.
that this can all go away.
Wouldn't you like that. Bobby?
Mom...
all he wants is his son.
Ryan.
Bobby. mom's right here. okay?
Everything's going to be okay.
Your boy
has nothing to worry about.
He's in good hands.
Of course. it's all contingent
on how my boy is doing.
In fact
I'd like to speak to him.
Let me hear his voice.
He's not here.
But you know
where he is. don't ya?
I do.
Good.
Can I assume he's alive?
He's alive. I promise you.
he's alive.
Oh. that's very. very good news.
We have to go to plan B.
Grab the bag.
Danny.
Now. I don't want this
to go on any longer than you.
So. as good parents.
let's both get our children
back home safely.
Wouldn't you like that?
Yes.
You bring me my boy.
and Bobby will be
right back with you.
That's it.
You did good.
Fuck.
Where's Sean?
You don't need
to do this. you know.
Nothin' gonna
happen to you. doctor.
You don't have to worry.
I need someone level-headed
and clear-minded
to be able to relay a message.
That's you.
Drill. ye tarriers drill...
Drill. ye tarriers. drill
I have a family.
Yeah. I know.
A daughter. yeah?
And you work all day
No sugar in your tay
Down behind the railway
We all have family.
And blast.
And Fire.
And blast. And Fire...SEAN: Mine. Yours.
So. drill. ye tarriers
Drill...
Drill. ye tarriers. drill
Come here for me.
Blast. fire...
Blast...
I just need you
to relay a message. yeah?
And you work all day
No sugar in your tay
Down behind the railway
What message?
Come on.
Open it.
Don't shoot!
Hold your fire. Hold your fire!
And blast. fire...
Dr. Miller.
I hate to interrupt
your heroics.
but your friend
has a message for you...
in the parking lot.
Are you hurt?
No. I'm okay.
But there are explosives
attached to my body.
Good God.
They sent me out
with a message.
What do they want?
And blast and fire...
They're planning
to execute hostages
every 15 minutes
until you allow them out.
Now. I've seen
this type before.
God forgive me.
You need to act now
and get these sons of bitches
before they hurt anyone else--
What was that?
What the fuck was that?
That was my brother.
Jesus.
You good. Cruz?Yeah. I'm good.
Enough of this shit.
The last thing we need
are dozens of dead hostages.
Alert the SWAT team.
get them into position now.
Yes. Sir.
Motherfuckers.
Here. I'll give that to you.
In the name of Jesus.
What the fucking hell
did you do?
Hey. what the fuck's
going on with you?
I had a fucking agreement!
You've jeopardized
every fucking thing--
She killed Mick.
What the fuck
did you think. Paddy.
that she was just
gonna hand Ryan back?
She's working for the Feds.
Little Sean.
Ah. fuck off. Fuck off!
What happened to you?
I favored you as a child.
I favored you
and your little wild ways.
I saw myself in you.
The only fucking person
you ever thought about
was Paddy "Big Boy" Quinn.
I was working for the family
the only way I know how.
I was fighting
every fucking day with my hands
to provide you
with a better life.
Come here.
my life was fucking grand
back in Limerick. thanks.
You were headed for trouble.
and I saw it.
I had to pull you away
from those terrorist boys.
Sean.
you coulda started over
when we come here.
What. like Ryan?
Like Ryan.
Yes. like Ryan.
Well. I'm sorry. Paddy.
I don't have the fucking--
Come here.
I don't have the brains
to become a lawyer like Ryan.
I'm sorry.
But let me tell you something.
your son. Ryan.
was going to see
our family business
go down the fucking toilet.
And here's something else
for nothing.
He was working for the Feds.
I don't believe that.
Oh. don't ya?
Ryan's the reason
we're here. Paddy.
No. son.
You're the reason
we're here.
Jesus fucking wept.
Fuck!
Dr. Miller.
did you get my message?
He was a good man.
Yeah. I know he was.
That's why I chose him.
But so was Mick.
I just wanted
to protect my son!
I'm trying
to protect my brother.
And I want him back...
...and then you can have
your son back.
There's a morgue.
Lower basement.
You come alone. with Bobby.
and I'll be there with Ryan.
Dr. Miller...
I was born at night...
but it wasn't
fucking last night.
There's another Fed
in this building.
He came in the car
with my brother.
Did you really think
I was just going to trust you?
I swear on my life.
I will be alone. Deal?
On your life. huh?
Can't ask fairer than that.
That's the morgue.
That's the best way out.
What about the hostages?
Bring them down here.
Lock them in.
Americans love a spectacle.
Let's give it to them.
He's a liability.
That's what he fucking is.
Nothing new. Paddy.
He's out of control.
It's my fault.
My old man used to beat me
something brutal.
and I swore
I'd never do the same.
but maybe Seany needed it.
You did all you could.
Not every child responds well
to the stern hand.
And the apple
don't fall far from the tree.
That's another piece of wisdom.
Get these people up here. John.
Up. up. up. up. up!
Move. fuckers. move.
the lot of ya's!
The lot of ya's. go!
No funny business.
cocksucker!
Move. ya cunt. move!
The Feds are about
to make their move.
We're making ours first.
Time's up. Paddy.
Let's go.
People. come on!
Everybody in here!
Everybody. come on!
Come on. come one!
Move! Move! Move!
No funny business
or you're fuckin' dead!
Where the fuck are you going?
Go in there!
Get down
with the rest of them!
You're not a fucking guest.
you're a hostage!
Come on.
File in. thank you.
Sean.What?
This is
a bad situation we're in.
We have to think carefully now.
We have to be calm.
We have to be clear.
I am being fucking calm
and I am being clear.
Why don't you just let
Little Seany deal with this.
all right?
Right!
I want you all
to fucking listen
very carefully to me.
Behind you.
Stay still.
Arms up!
Turn around slowly.
Fuck! Come here!
This one's so easy.
Take that!
Cunt.
Fall back! Relax!
Fall Back!
You fucking bitch!
Johnno. go.
Danny?
Oi!
Wake up!
Give me the boy!
Give me the boy.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What the fuck's going on?
She killed Danny.
This is not on that boy.
This is on all of us.
Take it down a notch.
we all wanna get out of here.
I'm following through
on an agreement
to get Ryan back
and to get us all home.
and that's it.
I'm going downstairs. Paddy.
Fine. I'm coming with you.
Bring the boy.
Have you lost hold
of yourself?
You're lucky Liam didn't
shoot you in the fucking head.
Her time will come.
Come on.
we're gonna go
see your mom. see.
You stay close to me.
Come on. Paddy.
Jesus Christ.
what the hell
are they all waiting for?
The longer we wait.
the more Sean will take matters
into his own hands.
You stay right here.
Jesus.
You guys made it.Yeah.
How are you feeling?
Not so good.
Hang in there
just a little longer.
I spoke to your brother.
We're gonna do an exchange
and get you home.
What?Wait. wait. wait.
An exchange for what?
He'll fucking kill me.
For my son.
I'm coming with you.No. you're not.
He thinks I'm working
with the Feds.
I told him I'd come alone.
Fuck!
This is dangerous.
I'll be fine.
He's right.
No matter what he told you.
my brother always got
another motive. it's me--
I'll protect you. I promise.
Let's go.
Sign says
the morgue's down here.
Doc. I'm pretty
fucking bleeding.
Just stay with me.
I'll take a look.
Come on. keep up.
Hang in there.
You're almost home.
Well. would you look at
the fuckin' state of you. chum.
Nice to put a face
to the voice.
Florence Nightingale.
Take it easy.Where's Bobby?
He's right here.
Bobby!Mom...
You okay. buddy?
I'm okay.
I'm relieved to see you. son.
Hey. Da.
Now I'm going to give you back
your little boy.
and you're going to give
us back our little boy.
And we're gonna come out of here
the way we came in.
Just like that?
Just like that.
Suffering Jesus.
can we please
put the weapons away
and get this over with?
Go to your mommy.Come on.
We thought we lost you. son.
We thought we lost you.
Now. let's--
let's get you out of here.
Why'd you do it?
What?
I wanted to run
the business with you.
You're my brother...
I fucking loved you.
What's he talking about?
He's off his fucking game
on drugs--
I saw you. you shot
right through my window.
What?
That's fucking bollocks!
All I did was look up to you...
What?
You're going
to fucking believe him over me?
Why don't you
convince me otherwise?
Fuck off.
You tried to kill him.
I'll never forgive you.
Come again?
You'll never forgive me?
Who the fuck would you
be forgiving. Paddy Quinn?
You have no right
to forgive anyone.
You should be asking forgiveness
off of him. me.
every other person
you fucked over!
I watched my mother
drink herself to death
for 10 years
because she couldn't go home
because of you!
Shut your fucking mouth.
Oh. yeah?Yeah.
Sean. stop it!
Stop! No!
Move. move. move. move!
Ready?
The snipers are in position
and our men are in place.
Alright. Send them in.
Move in. now!
I need you
to listen to me closely.
You know those tunnels. right?Mm-hmm.
When I tell you so.
I need you to run.
Freeze!
What the fuck happened to you?
What happened to you?
What the fuck do you mean
happened to me?
Dad?
I deserve it.
I wasn't the father you needed.
I failed you.
Go! Now! Now! Go!
Hey! Hey!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Not so fast. little man.
Drop it. you piece of shit!
Let the kid go.
You fucking bitch.
What in the name of God.
possessed you
to stick your fucking nosy tits
into my father's business?
Drop your weapon!
Put your weapon down!
You can fix this.
I can fix this.
Michelle...
Wake up!
What did he used to say?
Blue to ignite.
Red to make it right.
Wait-- or was it red to ignite.
blue to make it right?
Shit! I don't remember.
You can fix this. Michelle.
Red. Red's hot.
like a fire.
Blue...
Well. I'll be damned.
My God. you're shot.
Yeah.
Easy first assignment. huh?
Where's McBride?
He...
Fuck me.
Yeah.
Where's the kid?
What kid?
Hey. not tall boy.
Get up.
I said. get fucking up.
Are you deaf?
Good.
If you run. I'll shoot ya.
If you scream. I'll shoot ya.
In point of fact. if you do
anything I don't like.
what'll I do?
You'll shoot me.
You're very clever.
You're such a clever boy. huh?
Brains to burn.
very bright boy. huh?
Tell me...
is this the way out?
There's a gate at the end.
I-- I used to play down there.
Good. Take me to it.
Leave him alone. Sean!
Drop your weapon!
Jesus fucking Christ.
Tiger mommies
and their fucking cubs. what?
Just let him go.
It's over.
No. I won't just let him go.
And it's not all over.
I see you stopped my bomb.
One of us. Dr. Miller.
Do you think you'll be able
to stop a bullet
going into the back
of his fucking head?
Okay.
Put the gun down. then.Okay.
That's it.
Okay. Easy.
Easy.
Bobby. it's gonna be okay.
We're gonna go home
and practice your soccer kicks.
Your mommy is a lot fucking
smarter than she looks. boy.
Mom?
Okay...
An incredible scene
here tonight
at The Mercy Regional Hospital.
Suspected loyalists
to the Quinn Gang.
including the patriarch himself.
Patrick "Paddy" Quinn.
have finally
been brought to justice.
Hey.Hey.
So Ryan made it. huh?
Yeah. luck of the Irish.
Guess Paddy might make it. too.
Some of the guys
brought this from inside.
I thought you'd want it back.
Thank you.
Dr. Miller.
can you confirm the reports
that you helped apprehend
the terrorists
and saved the hostages?
I did what any mom would do
to save her son.
Now I can tell you one thing.
she's an American hero.
None of us would be alive today
if it wasn't for her courage.
You know...
you make
a pretty good partner.
You're not so bad yourself...
for a rookie.
I had that one coming.
I'll...
I'll see you around.
Yeah.
See you around.
Shall we?
Yeah.Yeah.
So I think we're gonna have
to make the next soccer game.
Soccer game?
Who needs that when you've got
an action hero for a mom?
Really?Yeah.
You weren't so bad yourself.
You had a killer
scissor kick back there.
that was like--Mom...
It's a back-heel kick.
Oh. I'm sorry. pardon me.